Sa 3327 support for local user account (#92)
TheJumpCloud/jumpcloud-ADMU: ModuleChangelog.md

## 2.4.0

Release Date: March 27,2023

#### RELEASE NOTES

```

> * Updated JumpCloud ADMU to use JC Local Account User instead of JCUsername for migration if it is set in the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the 'Autobind JC User' option is specified, a JumpCloud user's 'Local User Account' will be used instead of it's 'username' if the 'Local User Account' value is set in the console.

If a JumpCloud user has a 'Local User Account' value set and the 'Autobind JC User' option is not set, the selected user will be migrated as the username specified in the 'Local Account Username' Field.
```
